>> Brian Holt: So hopefully this
was a helpful exercise for you.
There's two things I
wanted to shout out to.
Just more resources to get in here,
particularly with Flexbox.
I think, hopefully, you kinda saw
here the power of Flexbox and
a lot of stuff that you can do with it.
I did fix the problem.
So now this is meeting up.
Flexbox, if you need to do like a rigid
grid like we're doing right here,
where corners have to meet up,
then doing that flex1,
flex2, flex3 thing is not gonna work for
you super well.
So you're gonna wanna do fix widths
of 25%, 50%, 75%, etc., or use Grid.
So this would be a perfect opportunity for
you to use CSS Grid.
You could also do everything
inside of one container and
use Flexbox as well, and
then use flex-wrap, that would also work.
I would not suggest the last option there.
But I want you to see how cool Flexbox is.
It's something you can dive deep into.
I wanted to shout out Flexbox Zombies.
It's made by my good friend David Geddes.
There's Kent, we know him.
[LAUGH] He teaches.
He's a Frontend Masters teacher.
So this will actually,
it's a game, and you have to shoot
the zombies using Flexbox,
it's pretty fun, with a crossbow.
There's crossbows involved.
That's how you know it's good.
>> Brian Holt: So check that one out.
And there's also Flexbox Froggy.
I have less experience with this one.
>> Brian Holt: But you have to get
the froggy, and you have to say,
>> Brian Holt: It's
gonna be justify-content: flex-end.
See, and then you get the frog to
jump onto the lily pad, right,
that's kinda cool.
So that's another good one.
And then I've said it a couple of times
here, please watch Jen's course on
Grid and Flex and responsive design and
all that kind of stuff.
It's gonna make you a lot better
CSS programmer, better than me for
sure.
>> Brian Holt: But that being said,
you are now well-equipped
to do most things with CSS.
Maybe besides animations, [LAUGH]
that's an entire different skill set
that you don't wanna learn from me, so.
That's really all I'm gonna teach
you today about CSS and HTML.
So congratulations, you basically have
a base level proficiency now with HTML and
CSS.
So, cool, congratulations.